OSDOCS-16409: Cluster Admin CQAs (#116629)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/rosa-nodes-machine-pools-local-zones.adoc

+
[source,terminal]
----
I: Enabling interactive mode
? Machine pool name: xx-lz-xx
? Create multi-AZ machine pool: No
? Select subnet for a single AZ machine pool (optional): Yes
? Subnet ID: subnet-<a> (region-info)
? Enable autoscaling (optional): No
? Replicas: 2
I: Fetching instance types
? disk-size (optional):
----
+

where:

`Machine pool name`:: The name of the machine pool. This is limited to alphanumeric characters and a maximum length of 30 characters.
`Create multi-AZ machine pool`:: Set this option to `No`.
`Select subnet for a single AZ machine pool`:: Set this option to `Yes`.
`Subnet ID`:: Selects a subnet ID from the list.
`Enable autoscaling`:: Select `Yes` to enable autoscaling or `No` to disable autoscaling.

> `Replicas`:: Selects the number of machines for the machine pool. This number can be anywhere from 1 to 180.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Machine pool name`:: Specifies the name of the machine pool. This is limited to alphanumeric characters and a maximum length of 30 characters.
`Create multi-AZ machine pool`:: Set this option to `No`.
`Select subnet for a single AZ machine pool`:: Set this option to `Yes`.
`Subnet ID`:: Specifies a subnet ID from the list.
`Enable autoscaling`:: Select `Yes` to enable autoscaling or `No` to disable autoscaling.
`Replicas`:: Specifies the number of machines for the machine pool. This number can be anywhere from 1 to 180.
```
Optional. Our guides and examples recommend using "Specifies" with description lists, but it's probably not a hard requirement.
